fix(expo-server): Replace RSC middleware platform base path regex check (#44783)
expo/expo: packages/expo-server/CHANGELOG.md

### 🐛 Bug fixes

- Correctly handle JavaScript assets when `asyncRoutes: true` in SSR ([#43446](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/43446) by [@hassankhan](https://github.com/hassankhan))`

> - Replace invalid platform basepath stripping regex with slicing; discovered by rintintin ([#44783](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/44783) by [@kitten](https://github.com/kitten))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace invalid platform basepath stripping regex with slicing; discovered by @yavuzselimkolbasar - thank you! ([#44783](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/44783) by [@kitten](https://github.com/kitten))
```
